Add object variable lookup (#837)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

- `example` - path to the job definition file; in this example, a locally installed `example.py` file. For a plugin-provided job, this might be something like `my_plugin_name.jobs.my_job_filename`.
- `MyJobWithVars` - name of the class inheriting from `nautobot.extras.jobs.Job` contained in the above file.

> Additionally, it is possible to specify complex values contained in `ObjectVar`s, `MultiObjectVar`s, and `IPAddressVar`s.
> 
> `ObjectVar`s can be queried by either using their primary key directly as the value, or as a dictionary containing a more complicated query that gets passed into the Django ORM as keyword arguments.
> 
> `MultiObjectVar`s can be queried using a list of primary keys.
> 
> `IPAddressVar`s can be provided as strings in CIDR notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When providing input data, it is possible to specify complex values contained in `ObjectVar`s, `MultiObjectVar`s, and `IPAddressVar`s.

* `ObjectVar`s can be specified by either using their primary key directly as the value, or as a dictionary containing a more complicated query that gets passed into the Django ORM as keyword arguments.
* `MultiObjectVar`s can be specified as a list of primary keys.
* `IPAddressVar`s can be provided as strings in CIDR notation.
```
